[2024-05-25 15:30:45] RxDrStocks: Tutorial boss Richard:   This fight takes place at the clock tower of Olympus. It's only Catherine versus Richard. Could have Alivia explain how to play the game during this fight. I can make proper dialogue later but for now I will have place holder language. 1. Let's hit him with an item first. Which will be a Water bottle and will decrease all of Richard's stats. 2. This is how you attack. 3.You should defend on this next turn. It looks like he is preparing for a stronger attack. 4.Now use a special attack. 5. After the player gets his health down to about 1/4 left? Richard will flare with fire and power up by a lot. Alivia goes "Now, some battles will have what is called an Action Event that can be triggered." This action event will have Catherine throw Richard into the fountain at the area. His stats will decreases super sharply, and the battle will continue until the player wins.  Will put his actual available moves in enemy and boss moves, but it won't be many.
[2024-05-28 17:00:20] RxDrStocks: Saint Clarice: Saint Clarice and her four attendants are the next "boss fight" Ko and Mavis with Alivia in her advisor mode are present.  1. Saint Clarice is in the back and is invulnerable to damage as long as her attendants are alive.  2. If she would take damage, an attendant will take the damage in her place for half the damage. 3. She will be able to cast healing/support magic on the attendants. 4. Every time an attendant is killed, She will heal the remaining attendants to full health. 4. Once all attendants are killed, she either, 1 gives up the fight. Or 2 Can be killed in one hit.  I will add the specifics for the attendants in a thread for this.
[2024-05-31 19:27:51] RxDrStocks: Saint Clarice: Saint Clarice and her
[2024-06-01 20:02:44] RxDrStocks: Naomi: Mid-boss fight. 1. Catherine will be the only one in this fight. 2. Naomi's moves will be very limited in her enemy version. 3. The majority of it will be Naomi debuffing Catherine, healing, and the occasional attacks. 4. will give move set in boss and enemy moves 5. The fight ends after Naomi's healths drops to 20%
[2024-06-09 14:13:15] RxDrStocks: War Simulator Richard 1. Catherine, Ko, and Mavis are in this fight.  2. He will have quite a lot of health, but at about half health, there will be an action event. 3. The action event will have Catherine tell Mavis to take the flag and go while they hold off Richard or something to the extent. 4. The battle breaks to a scene where Ko throws rocks at Richard while Mavis goes for the flag. 5. Richard moves to intercept Mavis, but Catherine blocks his way and grabs ahold of richard. 6. Richard begins to overheat into an explosion and Catherine yells for Ko to bombard them with boulders. 7. Ko does so and the scene fades to black. Catherine and Richard are kicked from the simualtor and watch a tvmonitor of Mavis capturing the flag.  I know half of this isnt really related to the actual fight, but since I was doing zell and alivia first in storyboarding, I needed somewhere to place hold some of this
[2024-06-09 15:05:45] RxDrStocks: War Simulator Static fight: Carol, the satyress, and her two teammates.(Takes place before war simulator richard fight.) 1. The other two enemies can be any demigod mobs. 2. The battle starts off a little scripted. Alivia tells Zell to watch out for Carol's melodies and to put his headphones on. 3. A new move opens up for Zell. Headphones on and off. 4. It is the only selectable move to at first. 5. After using headphones, Carol uses a sleep hymn from her pan flute. Zell is unaffected, but Alivia is affected and cannot be advisor for this fight. However, Zell is still buffed at the beginning of the fight. 6. When Carol is brought to 25%, the fight ends. A cutscene will play.
[2024-09-10 20:36:53] RxDrStocks: Dúrnir’s Pass Mini boss Fight: Lieutenant Punk Critical Kai.  1. This fight can be won or lost with no real consequences, but if won, the player will get some decent rewards that I will think of later. 2. Kai and 3 random demigod type mobs will be the enemies. 3. Kai has an instant kill attack every turn, so the key to beating him will be reviving the teammates while slowly taking out Kai and the demigods. 4. Maybe there can be four demigod mobs, and to warn that his attack is an instant kill, maybe his first attack will always be scripted to attack one of his ally mobs or something.  If anyone is interested, Kai is a character I'm introducing in my new book. He's a child of Fortuna, Roman goddess of luck. Whenever he strikes with his bat it is always a lucky "critical" hit. He'll be a General rank in this new book, and one of Field Marshal Rose's personal guard.
[2024-09-26 15:21:55] RxDrStocks: Static Fight: Lust and Bollux versus The Holy Knights and Richard.  1. This fight CANNOT be won. Even if the player somehow lowers the health of Bollux or Lust all the way, Lust will use the move "Sweet Embrace" Which will fully heal both Lust and Bollux. 2. Lust has a move called Seductive Scent that will charm the targeted character to attack Catherine and the uncharmed teammates. Lasts 3 turns and she uses it every 2 turns? Catherine is IMMUNE to this, but Lust may still try to target her with it. 3. Bollux uses water breath moves that either hit 1 or multiple targets, and Lust will attack using her large metal whip. 4. Whenever 1 character falls, the battle is over, and we move to a cutscene and then stage 2
[2024-09-26 16:42:24] RxDrStocks: Static Fight: Lust and Bollux versus The Holy Knights and Richard. Part 2  1. This part of the fight will be over whenever. Ko, Lust, or Bollux get below half health, or the player's team is wiped out.  2. Ko will mostly target Catherine unless he uses wide range attacks.  3. Lust will still attempt to use the charm move, but every 4 moves now, and it won't affect any of the players characters
[2024-09-26 19:02:28] RxDrStocks: Boss Fight: Lust 1. Ko will still be fighting for Lust's side still. 2. Hot scalding water will fall from the sky from Richard and Bollux fighting. Every turn Catherine's party will take damage from the rain. After either a certain amount of turns go by or the character's do enough damage, there can be an Action Event that is mandatory to trigger. 3. The action event will show Richard fall from the sky.  Catherine will use her light powers to grab Richard and Hashira will catch them and lowers to the ground. Richard is unconscious. Hashira then throws his halberd into the air and Bollux will get taken out. The scalding rain will stop. 4. Lust's moveset will have a few new additions that i will put under Enemy and boss moves and she will not try to charm characters anymore. 5. After Lust gets below 20% health another action event can be triggered. Hashira grabs Lust and squeezes her and the fight is over. If this action event isn't triggered then hashira will grab lust at the end of the fight and the next cutscene will start. knocking out Ko does not trigger the action event as Lust will have far more health than Ko
[2025-06-22 16:28:31] HelperBot: 